hey guys its arc on and I just got back
from the Reaper of souls launch party
like I just got back I actually haven't
even showered since the party as gross
as that is if you guys didn't know about
it was last night big party with a bunch
of the Diablo devs and fan sites and
other streamers it was super cool it
felt like a mini blizzcon and I was
fortunate enough to be able to stream
during the event right after the QA and
I was streaming right next to day nine
one of my favorite streamers really cool
guy and of course my friend at mods and
shinobi were there as well and we all
got to stream during the event it was a
lot of fun and I just want to make this
video because a lot of people asked me
about the build i was using as i leveled
from 60 to 70 and i thought i had to
share it with you guys i'm sure we going
over a lot of builds in the coming weeks
cuz i'm gonna be playing a lot of reaper
of souls that i want to experiment a lot
so here's the first one I'll show it out
with you guys it's kind of like a stun
lock build it helps you be a little bit
more defensive if you don't want to
worry so much about damage and I
actually put this together because I
wasn't playing a bunch at two point oh I
got busy around there and I didn't get
to gear up a lot before reaper souls
come down so i knew my damage is going
to be really low but i still wanted to
be useful to the group and so one of my
viewers talking about this combination
with mirror images in slowtime tried it
out worked great so i put this whole
stunlock build together and even though
I definitely wasn't the highest dps ER
at our group of four I was still able to
help a lot and it was really worth it
because we leveled on torment for and we
were still a level 60 gear by the time I
got two mouths al so we were getting
wrecked like any of us were getting two
or three shots and so the defensive
really helped so i'll show you the build
and i'll show you what things you might
want to change if it's a little too
defensive or if you want to go more
single target so the build is really
relying mostly on this combination as i
said with mirror image and slow time so
mirror images seem to cast pretty much
any spells you have equipped at that
time but certain spells they'll
prioritize over others and one of those
spells is slow time so if you have slow
time on they'll cast it pretty much
immediately after your casting your
mirror images and it works on any mirror
images ruined so i was using duplicates
so i get four of them and as you'll see
as I'm playing when I cast duplicates
for slow times usually go up almost
right away now the slow times don't
stack with each other but this
rune point of no return is really good
for Ivan a lot of slow times it makes it
so when an enemy leaves or enters the
slow time bubble they get stunned and so
with my slow time and the for mayor
images that's five slow times any enemy
Lee grant is going to get stunned now we
did test a little bit if they enter a
slow time they will get stunned if they
leave it after that they won't so in
other words each enemy can only get
stunned by each slow time bubble once
and we also tested it with teleport and
fracture which is the teleport ruin that
allows you to summon two mirror images
when you teleport and that one does not
work they will still make the bubbles
but it doesn't stun anyone so I'm
guessing it's just not getting the ruin
effect tried some of the other slow time
ruins but that seems work the best and
you can just get a lot of stuns up if
you cast a little on them it won't stun
them but your cast bubble on the edge of
them it will and once you have lots of
bubbles up as soon as the enemy start
moving they just get stunned and so to
top that off to add to the mirror image
slow time combo we also have illusionist
on there especially when you're playing
on harder difficulties which is where I
think you would use this build I don't
think it's billed to be worth it on
lower difficulties I lose this is really
nice you're getting hit for fifteen
percent of your damage all the time
which means you're constantly restoring
the cooldown on mirror image slow time
and teleport which is one of the reasons
i have teleport on here we're involved
allows you to get around a bit faster
but really a combination there now you
might have also noticed both of my
offensive skills are lightning damage
electrocute and meteor with lightning
bind that's of course to combo with
paralysis so I can get a few extra stuns
I also got a legendary for my good
friend intrepid called a weird word or
word ward have you pronounce it but it
does pretty much the same thing as
paralysis there's another thirteen
percent chance I think that can roll up
to fifteen percent I just dumped for 1.5
seconds so it's pretty much doubling up
on paralysis with that which means
you're just stunning a lot with
lightning and I chose to lightning
skills which seemed to proc a lot I got
surge of power on electrocute so that I
can get more meteors out just get your
arcane power up faster I have some apoc
on my gear to actually have a lot more a
puck than you can get river souls
because i still have my little 60 gear
which has a much higher max a puck and
then there are some other passives that
really combo well with these but we were
playing on such a high difficulty
compared to our defense that I have all
defensive skills I just want to die as
little as possible but if you wanted to
instead of galvanizing ward
of course you could put on prodigy it's
going to help you get arcane power even
faster cast more meteors or arcane
dynamo is going to help your meteor do
more damage both good skills the cast
when you have I think high-spending main
attacks like meteor but overall the
build worked really well it was a lot of
fun again my damage isn't incredible but
as far as like keeping a group stunned
it worked really well it's no critical
mass wizard you're not going to stun
lock infinitely just by spamming some
buttons you actually have to pay
attention to what's going on enemies are
probably be styling a little over half
the time but it's a huge amount of
utility to your group I mean really if
you're in a group of four people do you
want like another ten percent damage
edge of the whole group or do you want
all enemies to be stunned most the time
like that's definitely going to help you
more in the long run so maybe if you
can't get the deeps yet or you just want
to be a good addition to your group you
might want to try out this bill you
could try some variations of course
energy armor could be a more offensive
buff teleport any of those other rooms
would work fine I think duplicates is
probably the way to go with this combo
and we didn't find any slow time rooms
that worked well but of course you could
try it with different damage other than
lightning just getting the extra stunts
from there there's also some other
legendaries that are going to extend
your stun duration or increase the
chance for you to stun enemies so that
lots of other legendaries you combo with
this I just haven't collected any of
them yet but I'm going to keep collected
legendaries trying out new builds and I
can't wait to show you guys what I find
I'll have some more videos coming out
soon about the announcements they made
at the Reaper of souls launch party
about new bills I find about everything
else we're doing on the stream I'm going
to be streaming a lot every day for at
least four hours more if I can i still
got other stuff to do but i'm really
going to put as much time as I can into
the stream because I really want to get
in reaper souls play with you guys I
have some cool ideas for the stream so i
really hope you guys will show up there
let me know if you try out the build if
you find any other variations that you
think work well i love to read your
opinions in the comments hit that
subscribe button if you enjoyed it and
i'll have another one for you soon I'm
right next to day 9 right now guys
he's right next to me look at estee 9
right there
he's right next to me and he can't hear
anything I'm saying right now he doesn't
even know my cameras pointed at him
right now like we can say whatever we
want to about a nine he has no idea he's
even Justin his head said he still isn't
now